this next game is called civil war it's
not that one of the big fish picture
hunting games which if you've seen my
other reviews you know I really like
those games but this one's pretty cool
is it's a civil war theme and let's see
it's 499 i paid for now united for this
this is also a free version out it's 46
megabyte download so so in a picture
game like I said like Buckingham Palace
and others over 20 scenes different
puzzles to solve you can listen to your
own music while you play so let's see
where should we go so a civil war based
here and there's story line here so
let's go up out of Antietam actually
have family that live close to Antietam
battlefield so really we can stretch our
pictures down here is a list of what we
need if you find them the Hat here you
get bonus credits for hints when you
need a hint down here alright so there's
that scene alright let's check out the
Battle of Fredericksburg here
so like most of the big fish games
graphics are pretty good and unless I
got this scene here pretty cool
p to the feet
so you see as you fight them they just
scare come off your list down here and
we found a clue so goes to the storyline
and stuff that you'll be solving later
so if you went like a relaxing game I
check out Civil War it's another great
hidden picture game so yeah we recommend
this game also